feat: add IgnoreFirstSampleInterval configuration for streamaggr (#7313)
VictoriaMetrics/VictoriaMetrics: docs/changelog/CHANGELOG.md

## tip

* FEATURE: [vmalert](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/vmalert/): `-rule` cmd-line flag now supports multi-document YAML files. This could be useful when rules are retrieved via HTTP URL where multiple rule files were merged together in one response. See [this issue](https://github.com/VictoriaMetrics/VictoriaMetrics/issues/6753). Thanks to @Irene-123 for [the pull request](https://github.com/VictoriaMetrics/VictoriaMetrics/pull/6995).

> * FEATURE: [vmagent](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/vmagent): ignore_first_sample_interval allows user to control when we send first metric to prometheus, overriding default staleness_interval * 2 behaviour.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* FEATURE: [stream aggregation](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/stream-aggregation/): add `ignore_first_sample_interval` param to [aggregation config](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/stream-aggregation/#stream-aggregation-config). It allows users to control the time interval when aggregation skips sending aggregated samples to avoid unexpected spikes in values. By default, this interval is set to x2 of `staleness_interval`. The new setting is applicable only to `total`, `total_prometheus`, `increase`, `increase_prometheus` and `histogram_bucket` outputs. See [this issue](https://github.com/VictoriaMetrics/VictoriaMetrics/issues/7116) for details. Thanks to @iyuroch for the [pull request](https://github.com/VictoriaMetrics/VictoriaMetrics/pull/7313).
```
